README.md, before:

[![PodListen on Google Play](http://www.android.com/images/brand/android_app_on_play_large.png "Get PodListen from Google Play")](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.einmalfel.podlisten)
[![PodListen on fdroid.org](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/7df0eafa4433fa4919a56f87c3d99cf81b68d01c/68747470733a2f2f662d64726f69642e6f72672f77696b692f696d616765732f632f63342f462d44726f69642d627574746f6e5f617661696c61626c652d6f6e2e706e67 "Get PodListen from fdroid.org")](http://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdcategory=Multimedia&fdid=com.einmalfel.podlisten)

### App idea

Android podcast app with simplified navigation and lightweight interface. It's intended to be convenient even if used on the run.

### Screenshots

<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/2640813/10812196/d8f17806-7e24-11e5-8408-d5632d9f7249.png" width="45%" hspace="1%"><img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/2640813/10812194/d8ee5f36-7e24-11e5-8772-fa44b03c6d82.png" width="45%" hspace="1%">

<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/2640813/10812195/d8f0fc8c-7e24-11e5-8653-45ecc11a98f3.png" width="92%" hspace="1%">

### License

PodListen is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL) as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

PodListen is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

See included copy of GNU GPLv3.0 for more details. Alternatively, you can find its text at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt

Commit message:

readme: mention Yandex Store, beta opt-in and F-Droid slowness

README.md, after:

[![PodListen on Google Play](http://www.android.com/images/brand/android_app_on_play_large.png "Get PodListen from Google Play")](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.einmalfel.podlisten)   If you feel brave, consider [joining beta-testing program](https://play.google.com/apps/testing/com.einmalfel.podlisten).

[![PodListen on fdroid.org](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/7df0eafa4433fa4919a56f87c3d99cf81b68d01c/68747470733a2f2f662d64726f69642e6f72672f77696b692f696d616765732f632f63342f462d44726f69642d627574746f6e5f617661696c61626c652d6f6e2e706e67 "Get PodListen from fdroid.org")](http://f-droid.org/repository/browse/?fdcategory=Multimedia&fdid=com.einmalfel.podlisten)   N.B.: F-Droid processes updates with 1-2 day delay.

Also, PodListen is available on Yandex Store

### App idea

Android podcast app with simplified navigation and lightweight interface. It's intended to be convenient even if used on the run.

### Screenshots

<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/2640813/10812196/d8f17806-7e24-11e5-8408-d5632d9f7249.png" width="45%" hspace="1%"><img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/2640813/10812194/d8ee5f36-7e24-11e5-8772-fa44b03c6d82.png" width="45%" hspace="1%">

<img src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/2640813/10812195/d8f0fc8c-7e24-11e5-8653-45ecc11a98f3.png" width="92%" hspace="1%">

### License

PodListen is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL) as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

PodListen is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

See included copy of GNU GPLv3.0 for more details. Alternatively, you can find its text at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt
